alpha-lactalbumin precursor
lactase-phlorizin hydrolase precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
lactase-phlorizin hydrolase precursor
lactase-phlorizin hydrolase precursor
probable solute-binding lipoprotein.
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
lectin precursor
galactose-binding lectin precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
lactose-binding protein precursor
aldose 1-epimerase precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
agglutinin isolectin 2 precursor
agglutinin isolectin 1 precursor
lactose-binding protein precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor (version 1)
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
galactose/lactose-binding lectin i precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
alpha-lactalbumin precursor
